Hey, best man.
I might go with "best person."
Is this about Mom again?
I told you, I’m fine.
I was just
a little sad for you.
Mom’s a no-show,
and you and Dad
are hardly even speaking.
I’m leaving you.
Not if I leave you first.
[ Together ]
What did you do?
Attention! Attention, please.
The fire has jumped the freeway.
[ Siren Wailing ]
Wait, wait, wait. If you’re
evacuating the whole area,
can’t you do us last?
I don’t think you realize
how close you are
to actual flames.
Hello. Pepper Saltzman.
Big supporter of yours.
Have all your calendars.
We’ve waited 10 years.
Can we please have an hour?
- I can give you 30 minutes.
- We could make that work.
The wedding will go on,
just in a slightly
pared-down version.
Claire, you’re up front.
Flower girl strewing.
Grooms, come with me.
"Ooh! Ahh!
They look so handsome!"
Quartet, quartet, quartet!
♪♪ [ "Jesu, Joy of
Man’s Desiring" ]
And cue Sal.
Start after your limerick.
[ Sal ] Oh, God, no!
[ Groans ] We’re all making
sacrifices, dear.
I have a Prius
full of monarch butterflies...
who are apparently
coming home with me.
[ Moans ]
No! Her water broke!
- No! No, it did not!
I am barely pregnant!
- ♪♪ [ Stops ]
Thank you all for being here
on this joyous occasion.
"There once was
a homo named Tucker"–
Sal, stop.
No, you’re going into labor.
Also, just stop.
But we’ve only
been together
four months.
I just love you so much,
I can’t wait to have
your baby.
[ Gasps, Screams ]
Kids ruin everything.
Yeah, they sure do.
Let’s get you to the hospital
and have our miracle baby.
Okay.
Just so you know,
sometimes when babies
come this early–
Uh-huh?
they’re black.
Okay, this is a disaster!
We have no one to marry us.
Dearly beloved,
that is a problem.
Yep. Thanks to $35
and the Internet,
you are looking at the good
Reverend Philip Humphrey Dunphy.
Over the last year,
I’ve dropped a few subtle hints
to Mitch and Cam...
that I was available.
Hey, have you guys
decided who’s gonna
officiate your wedding?
’Cause I got
ordained online.
Oh, my God. A wallaby!
Oh, my gosh!
To be continued!
Phil, you’re a lifesaver.
Thank you.
No thanks necessary.
Cameron, marrying you
would make me
the happiest man on earth.
Uh-huh.
[ Pepper ]
Everyone, attention, please!
I’ve been informed
by the fire chief
we need to leave immediately.
The winds have shifted.
[ Mitchell ] What?
We have 30 minutes!
A fellow wedding facilitator
has informed me...
a beautiful space
just became available.
To the shuttles!
But we don’t know
a thing about this place.
Oh, my mistake.
Let’s go over it.
It’s a quaint, rustic spot,
though its chief
selling point is...
it’s not about to become a kiln!
To the shuttles!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Cam, where are the shuttles
that brought everyone up
from the parking lot?
Apparently they
were double booked. This is
the best Pepper could do.
[ Mitchell ]
This is how we’re getting
everyone to the wedding?
Half our guests are gay.
We’re finally giving them
a good memory on a school bus.
That doesn’t look
completely sewn on.
You might wanna get
something to cover that.
Oh, good idea.
Thank you.
What did you say to Merle
that make him want
to leave Barb?
I have no idea.
We were shooting
the breeze–
wedding day, Dede,
how happy I am now
that I’m with you.
Why would you say
something like that?
Now you’re breaking
somebody’s heart.
I didn’t mean
for her to get hurt.
Not her.
Him, when he realizes...
that not every second wife
looks like this.
Thank you for lending me
your jacket, Jay.
It’s good to know there are
still gentlemen in the world.
Oh, it’s you, Barb.
I didn’t see you there on
account of my bright future.
Thank you, Gloria.
[ Voice Breaking ]
Standing up to that old goat
is the best thing I ever did.
[ Chuckles ]
What’s all that about?
No, no. The thing is
that she told me a story
about a goat...
and it’s very old,
and then the goat–
Oh, don’t give me that.
[ Sighs ]
I told her to express herself.
I believe that in a good
marriage, a woman can ex–
Fine. Whatever.
I’ll undo it.
We can’t let Cam know
what the situation
with his parents is.
He’s very delicate.
I can’t believe I’m
involved in breaking up
yet another marriage.
What?
Hey, hey.
How you holding up?
Uh, I’ve had better days.
But you and me,
we’re cool, right?
We probably have some things
that we should talk about,
but maybe we save it
for a less stressful day.
This is not
your fault, by the way.
The fire was an act of God.
Not that God sent
a fireball down...
to keep a couple guys
from getting married,
but, uh–
I didn’t say that right.
There’s no way
that this–
any of this–
is part of God’s plan.
Save something
for the toast, Dad.
Damn it.
[ Raspy Voice ]
Where do you want this?
Bus five.
What’s wrong
with your voice?
[ Raspy Voice ]
The three of us just
took a road trip.
[ Raspy Voice ]
We sang Broadway tunes
all the way to the Texas border.
Then from the other side
of Texas to Florida.
[ Clears Throat ]
Hey, so you’re, like,
the minister?
Kinda. When they lost Sal,
the situation
was a no-brainer,
which made them think of me.
Isn’t there a lot
you have to remember
to marry people?
Not really.
They all follow
the same basic pattern.
"We’re gathered here today
to join these two
in holy matrimony.
Do you take him to be your
lawfully wedded spouse?"
- And the first
person says–
- "I do"?
Right. Then I ask
the second person,
"Do you take him to be your
lawfully wedded spouse?"
You know
the drill, right?
I do.
Then I say,
"By the powers vested in me
by the State of California,
I now pronounce you
legally wed."
- Bingo, bango, bongo,
you’re married.
- Awesome.
[ Chuckles ]
Really awesome.
[ Sighs ]
Look, Barb,
I know what
you’re going through.
You and Merle
are at a crossroads
in your marriage.
It feels like
the end of the world.
But in time,
you’ll see it more as a–
[ Hiccups ]
Right.
Little hiccup
that we all go through.
My advice:
don’t do anything.
Just take some time
and breathe.
[ Exhales ]
Maybe
through your nose.
Did you happen
to find anything
in one of my pockets?
Funny you should flask.
[ Laughs ]
Maybe I’ll just take that.
[ Both Laughing ]
Excuse me.
Well, it’s much
lighter now, isn’t it?
Yeah.
Okay, this is weird.
I think this
is the same seat...
I used to nervously scratch at
on my way to school.
Oh, poor thing.
Yeah. Even then I felt
such pressure to be perfect–
Andy’s flight
is delayed again.
Okay. That was close.
We almost connected
on a human level.
He’s doing the dumbest thing.
His girlfriend
broke up with him,
and he’s flying out
to win her back.
That sounds so romantic.
It’s so weak.
This girl throws a fit,
he goes running.
If they get back together,
she has all the power.
Oh, my God.
You like him.
No, I don’t.
What?
This is so hilarious.
He’s totally not your type.
Shut up.
Please.
You can’t stop
thinking about him.
You’re checking on him.
He’s not even
like a real person.
He’s like a Muppet.
I don’t even get some
of Sal’s remarks here.
"Marriage is like
a freeway–
messy,
but if you communicate,
it’s so worth it."
Honey, that does
not say "freeway."
Oh.
I can’t use any of this,
but I don’t want the whole
ceremony to be generic.
There needs to be
some magic in it.
Well, you can read
a poem or maybe–
Hold on. Back up.
I like your last idea–
a magic trick.
I did not suggest a magic trick.
After all, what’s better
than magic to symbolize
the wonder of marriage?
[ Manny ]
Excuse me.
I’m talking to you.
Yeah, yeah. They looked good
on you in the store,
but now you’re not sure.
That was the topic
10 minutes ago.
Well, maybe if I stapled
the sports page to my head,
you’d pay attention.
As long as it
covered your mouth.
What?
Nothing.
[ Chuckles ]
- Oh! When are
we going to be there?
- Soon, honey. Very soon.
Come on.
Give us a smile.
Remember, this is
the happiest day
of your dads’ lives.
- [ All ] No!
- [ Cameron ]
The butterflies are eating me!
Well, who told you
to jostle the crate?
[ Mitchell ]
One got in my mouth.
[ Pepper ]
What a bunch of babies.
Pepper said it was nice.
I hope we like it.
Cam. Cam, listen. Whatever’s on
the other side of this curtain,
we cannot be disappointed.
You’re right.
Today is not about flowers
or superficial things.
Right. Okay.
Thank God.
It’s pretty.
Oh, my God. I love it.
I was so scared!
I could cry!
Oh, don’t cry.
You’ll streak your bronzer.
Everyone,
please take your seats.
We’ll be starting
in cinco minutes,
10 at the most.
Do you ever notice with Ronaldo
how his language barrier
sort of fluctuates?
How is this place
even available?
Oh, dreadful story.
Runaway bride,
suicidal groom,
feuding families.
It really puts
our mundane problems
in perspective.
- We can’t dim the lights.
- Then break some.
These are not young men!
Why don’t you two
go freshen up?
Wait.
Why am I seeing
only half a quartet?
- Ed and Jim
are volunteer firemen.
- Of course they are.
Try to play
in front of a mirror.
[ Groans ]
- A kiss for luck.
- Oh, okay.
A kiss for luck,
my little gingersnap!
Oh, okay. Oh, wow, Barb.
Good thing we’re out
of the fire zone. Wow.
Well, you know,
your dad gave me
a little wedding helper.
I didn’t know
the jacket still had a–
Flask. Yeah.
Oh, that’s nice. Yeah.
At the end of the ceremony,
I kiss a man,
so you might
wanna fill ’er up.
This is how you
try to fix things?
You get her drunk?
Don’t blame him.
She’s been a loose cannon...
ever since she started goin’
to that church service
that starts at 10:30.
They play guitar music.
It’s a celebration.
It’s Gomorrah.
The pastor wears one
of them Madonna microphones.
Oh, Madonna microphones.
Where’s my little corn silk?
Hey, you wanna go
and do something fun
after this thing?
No, I was thinking
about staying in tonight
and spending some time with Joe.
[ Groans ]
You never wanna do anything
since that baby came along.
How are you?
I’m good.
You– You have the, um–
Marriage license, rings,
signing pen, toast?
Yes, of course.
There’s a reason
I’m the best person.
You know that’s just
a title for today, right?
Yeah. I’m the best person
at this wedding.
[ Chuckles ]
I’m still kind of hearing–
What is that?
Oh, my God.
Wait. Oh.
[ Gasps ]
That’s pollen.
Oh, no.
Honey.
Don’t look at me.
I only had one corsage.
Where’s your sister?
- Haley?
- Andy!
You’re still here?
Yeah. My flight
keeps getting delayed
because of weather.
So does the wedding.
Wait. Is fire weather?
- There was a fire?
- Yeah.
Guess that explains
that smoking dress.
[ Chuckles ]
Wow.
Line, Andy.
Well, if you’re
just killing time,
the new wedding venue
is nearby.
You could totally come and hang.
I don’t think
I’m exactly dressed for it.
Of course, if I was with you,
no one would even look at me.
Wow. Okay.
That is quite enough pie
for you, young man.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Groans ]
I’ve got to get back.
- [ Clears Throat ]
- Um, look, I didn’t
come here for coffee.
Andy, I don’t think
it’s a good idea
for you to get on that plane.
- I don’t think
Beth is worth it.
- You don’t even know Beth.
I think I do.
I think I’ve been her.
Let me guess.
For every 10 letters you write,
she writes one.
She’s always the one
who ends the phone call.
You happen to mention
when your birthday’s
coming up...
because you know deep down
she’s already forgotten it.
Meanwhile,
she gives you just enough
to keep you on the hook.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Clears Throat ]
Hello?
Of course I didn’t leave, Mom.
You walked past me
two seconds ago.
I’m just saying
you deserve better.
Oh, my God!
I’m waving at you!
Stay where you are.
I’m walking towards you.
Lily, here you go.
I’m taking your corsage.
But it’s mine!
You’re the flower girl.
It’s part of your job.
Read the fine print.
[ Phil ] Claire.
Thank you. What?
I need the rings.
For what?
To practice our trick.
Come on.
Oh, honey, I don’t know
about the magic trick.
Don’t you think people
should be focused
on Cam and Mitch?
I’m hoping so.
It’s the perfect misdirect.
Okay, here’s how
we’re gonna do this.
Uh-huh.
You hold the rings.
Okay.
I say, "They say
the best marriages contain
just a little bit of magic."
We hold up our arms.
You let go of the rings.
They slide
down the thread...
as if mysteriously
floating all the way–
half the way to me.
Merle, I know that
after talking to Jay,
you think that there are
better things out there for you.
Who says there isn’t?
Okay.
Take a trip with me
to the future.
It’s a regular night
at the local honky-tonk.
Look. Who’s that man
sitting alone in the bar?
[ Gasps ]
It’s Merle.
A beautiful woman approaches.
She asks,
"Is this seat taken?"
He says, "No."
And then
she grabs the chair...
and sits next
to a much younger,
much handsomer-looking man.
Then Merle turns around
to the bartender...
and say,
"Happy Tuesday, huh?"
The bartender replies,
"Don’t you mean,
‘Merry Christmas’?"
You see, Merle?
It was Christmas
the whole time.
Okay, it’s showtime.
Cue the processional.
Phil, as they say
in my native
South Carolina,
it’s time to marry
your brother-in-law.
- ♪♪ [ Classical ]
- Flower girl,
work those petals.
Wedding party walking.
What’s that?
I’ll be right there.
Okay.
Last looks.
You look
very handsome.
Oh.
This is my second
favorite suit of yours.
Second?
Right after
your birthday suit.
Hey. Cut it out.
I’m practically
a married man.
I know.
You know,
you scared me earlier
with what your dad said.
Wh-What?
Well, just about the fire,
you know, and–
Oh.
being a sign
we shouldn’t get married.
It was kind
of apocalyptic-y.
No.
And the sky
turned dark.
Yeah, because of the fire.
Well, and then
we had a flood.
You know, Sal– sploosh.
I think you’re stretching
just a little bit.
Because we paid
for this room!
Mr. and Mrs. Lucas,
we just need 20 minutes.
Cut the boy soprano.
No, we need these people
out of here.
I can see you want
to run again, don’t you?
Follow your heart.
On your mark,
get set, live, baby.
You don’t need that!
You don’t see this
as another biblical sign?
A swarm of Lucases.
Slight change, everyone!
Don’t worry!
There’s always a plan C.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cameron ]
Oh! They’re everywhere!
[ Pepper ]
What is wrong with you people?
Leave the box alone!
[ Pepper ]
Oh, if that thing is coming in,
we need to put a few
more people on the lawn.
[ Groans ]
Okay, this place
is cozy, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
It’s fine.
Oh, it’s going
to be fine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Although we may need to sit some
of the overflow guests upstairs.
Oh, we don’t–
we don’t own the upstairs.
Really?
I always assumed
there was a nicer part
you weren’t showing me.
[ Sighs ]
Make sure their checks
have cleared.
[ Raspy Voice ]
Just get another caterer here,
or these people will be
eating butterfly bisque.
Okay, I’m trying to remain calm,
but you realize that’s another
sign of the apocalypse, right?
Famine?
He sounds as bad
as Steven, Stefan and Longinus.
Oh, so what you’re saying
is we have four hoarse men?
Stop with the frowning.
Today, you smile
for your son.
Tomorrow, you can do
whatever you want.
Tomorrow,
I might just move out.
Oh, now I feel
a smile coming on.
Oh, my God.
You’re texting Andy now?
I’m just letting him know
he can hang out here
if he wants.
Haley, I hope you know
what you’re doing.
I’m not doing anything.
I mean, it’s one thing
if you’re actually into him,
but if you’re just
playing around with him
for the fun of it–
Here’s the thing about nice,
quiet dorks like Andy.
You get over us much faster
than we get over you.
Hi. Sorry.
So sorry.
Excuse me.
It’s my husband.
"They say
the best marriages"–
[ Door Opens ]
[ Claire ]
Hi.
Hey.
I don’t mean to rush you,
but there’s like 80 people
waiting to get in here.
No, no, no.
I’m so glad you’re here.
I just worked up
a new magic trick.
Oh.
I start by saying, "They say
the best marriages contain
just a little bit of magic."
Then, in my sleeves,
I’ve rigged two
confetti poppers...
that I found
in Lily’s closet.
Mmm.
So when I raise my arms–
Really? You’re not gonna say,
"Don’t do that"?
No. No, I mean,
I don’t think you
need the magic trick,
but if you do it,
I’m sure you’ll be great.
Oh, honey.
[ Popping ]
Oh, God. Let me get that.
Phil, no.
Honey, no.
Honey, no! Hey!
Phil! Phil! Phil!
Water’s on! Water’s on!
No!
You–
[ Knocking ]
[ Together ]
Just a minute!
[ Ringing ]
Hey, Andy.
Hey.
Has the wedding started yet?
Oh, yeah, lots of times.
What’s up?
Oh, nothing.
Hey, that thing
you said before
about me deserving better,
you just meant, like,
in general, right?
You weren’t thinking
of anyone in particular?
Yeah. No, I–
I just meant you
deserve to be happy.
And if it’s
this girl, great.
If not, great.
Um, sometimes
the hardest part is just
figuring out what you want.
Yeah, that’s what I thought.
Well, enjoy the wedding.
Thanks.
Have a nice trip.
Yeah. I’ll see ya.
I’m so glad we did this.
I know.
Who were we kidding?
It was so gonna happen.
I can’t get enough
of this.
No, Mitch is fine.
Still mad at me though.
Ah, you know how touchy
he can be, Dede.
Remember when we tried
to cheer him up after his
first ice-skating competition?
[ Laughs ] How were we supposed
to know third place
is a good thing?
Remember he tromped off
across that muddy field
in his skates?
He sunk like
a woolly mammoth.
Hey, Dede, if you’re around
the Fourth of July,
you should come by
and watch the wedding video.
Oh.
No, we’re out of town
in August.
All right.
Well, soon.
Okay.
Oh, Dede, I don’t think
I have your new–
[ Line Clicks ]
[ Sighs ]
Okay. It’s magic time,
everyone.
Phil, please take your place
beneath our majestic arch.
Cue the quartet.
Where’s the other one?
♪♪ [ Classical ]
He rode with the caterer,
who flipped his truck.
Why do good things happen
to everyone but me?
Let’s send the flower girl
before she’s a flower teenager.
Oh, so sad.
Sorry.
What is–
Yeah.
Like I’m the problem.
Is your dad here?
Yeah, he should be right–
Oh– Oh, my God.
He’s out on the sidewalk
on the phone.
Do you want me
to go get him?
No. No, I don’t.
Let’s just– Come on.
Let’s just do this.
[ Sighs ]
Mitchell.
What?
Is this really how you
want to get married?
Well, it’s not ideal.
People don’t have any rice
to throw because they’re chewing
it raw out of starvation.
Half of our guests
are on the lawn and–
[ Water Sprinkling ]
[ Screaming ]
There go the sprinklers.
Okay, let’s just call
time of death on this.
[ Sighs ]
All right, yeah.
Hey, everybody, um,
thank you so much for
dealing with all this today.
It means a lot to us.
But unfortunately, this is not–
[ Jay ] Stop.
- You can’t do this.
- I’m way ahead of you, Dad,
and thank you for stopping by.
What I mean is
you can’t get
married like this.
You two deserve
the kind of wedding...
you’ve been
talking about nonstop
for the last nine months.
- What do you mean?
- You bring it up
every chance you get.
- I know what nonstop means!
- Just trust me, okay?
Now, what are we all
standing around for?
My son’s getting
married today.
Hey.
All right, Jay.
[ Jay ]
It’s what this golf club needs.
Shake it up a little.
Go on, dear.
How often do your fathers
get married?
So far, one, two–
Why am I still seeing you?
♪♪ [ Classical ]
Take your seat, Dad.
We’re about to start.
Actually, I thought
you and I would take
a little walk.
[ Claire ]
I remember it like
it was yesterday–
the day that Mitchell
came home from the hospital...
in a very
unfashionable white diaper...
with three strands
of scraggly Raggedy Andy hair.
If he’s doing it,
I’m doing it.
You comin’, Barb?
You old sweet talker.
Wait for me.
We were inseparable.
I was his big sister,
his big brother,
his nemesis,
his protector,
his best friend.
I was his first partner,
and I loved every minute of it.
Thank you all for being here
on this happy occasion.
They say the best marriages
contain just a little bit
of magic.
Believe me.
I know.
We’re gathered here today
to join two amazing people.
So naturally,
I was a little picky...
when it came to who was
going to be replacing me,
and then I met this Cam.
And sure, he was warm
and funny and loving.
Cameron, do you
take Mitchell
to be your husband?
I do.
Cameron, would you
please place this ring
on Mitchell’s finger?
Mitchell,
do you take Cameron
to be your husband?
I do.
Then by the powers
vested in me
by the State of California,
I am privileged
to pronounce you
spouses for life.
You may now kiss
your husband.
[ Laughs ]
I wondered
was he really everything
I wanted for my brother?
Was he really
the best person?
No. I’m the best person.
[ Guests Laughing ]
And now I am very pleased
to raise a glass...
and introduce
for the first time ever–
on our fourth try–
great husbands,
Mitch and Cam.
[ All ]
Yes!
♪♪ [ Classical ]
[ Applause ]
I saw that.
What?
The way you look
at my sister.
You do it all the time,
you know.
I do not.
Just not
in front of me, okay?
So, have you heard
from your dads
on their honeymoon?
You must really miss them,
don’t you?
Sorry.
I was being dramatic.
No, you were right.
You’ll hate yourself.
Right again.
It’s like they never left.